New ReadTheDocs Documentation (prelanding) (#592)
telefonicaid/perseo-fe: docs/user/index.md

**`action`**. The structure of these rules is sketched in the following JSON code:

```json
{
   "name":"<The name of the rule>",
   "text":"<Insert here a valid EPL statement>",
   "action":{
      "type":"[update|sms|email|post|twitter]",
      "parameters":{
         ...
      }
   }
}
```

The `name` field refers to the name of the rule, and it is used as rule identifier. It must start by a letter, and can
contain digits (0-9), underscores (\_) and dashes (-). Their maximum length is set to 50 characters.

The `action` field states the action to be performed by Perseo when the rule triggers. You can also use an **array** of
action objects if needed. Each of those actions will be executed when the rule is fired, avoiding to duplicate a rule
only for getting several actions executed.

Last but no least, the `text` field contains the valid EPL statement to be send to the Esper-based core rule engine. The
value of this field must follow the EPL syntax.

Following there is an example of a valid EPL simple clause ready to be used with Perseo:

```text
select *, ev.BloodPressure? as Pressure, ev.id? as Meter
from pattern
     [every ev=iotEvent(type="BloodMeter")]

> ```

Reviewer: Better use a rule like:
```
select *, bloodPressure? as Pressure
from iotEvent
where (cast(cast(bloodPressure?,String),double)>1.5 and type="BloodMeter")]
```
since rules based in pattern are not really useful

Reviewer 2: Fixed in https://github.com/telefonicaid/perseo-fe/pull/592/commits/d22cc06af352a8a2836bb13125f54528583857eb

# User & Programmers Manual

This document describes how to use Perseo CEP.

## Content

-   [Introduction](#introduction)
-   [Perseo Rules](#perseo-rules)
-   [Actions](#actions)
-   [String substitution syntax](#string-substitution-syntax)
-   [Metadata and object values](#metadata-and-object-values)
-   [Examples](#examples-of-epl-rules)

## Introduction

Perseo is an [Esper-based](http://www.espertech.com/esper/) Complex Event Processing (CEP) software designed to be fully
_NGSIv2_-compliant. It uses NGSIv2 as the communication protocol for events, and thus, Perseo is able to seamless and

> jointly work with _context brokers_ such as [Orion Context Broker](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion).

Author: Same here...

Reviewer 2: Fixed in https://github.com/telefonicaid/perseo-fe/pull/592/commits/ce3e52c048d89a72045670ba717cf35c190fa4e3

### Actions

When one or more events come from the context broker and match some of the rules stored in the rule engine, those rules
are fired. The core of Perseo (Esper), will generate a _complex event_ by using the `select` clause of the EPL, and then
it will send it back to the front-end side of Perseo, which will execute the action using the generated event as a
parameter.

Actions are set by means of the `action` field of the rule. Let's see an example:

```json
   "action": {
      "type": "update",
      "parameters": {
         "name": "abnormal",
         "value": "true",
         "type": "boolean"
      },
      "interval" : "30e3"
   }
```

You will find more information about Perseo Actions [here](../API/plain_rules.md#actions).

#### String substitution syntax

An `action` can include references to one or more of the available atributes of the context broker's notification. This
allows you to leverage context information in a very simple way. For example, the `sms`, `email`, and `post` actions
include a `template` field that can be used to build the body of the message/request. This text can include placeholders

> for those attributes of the generated complex event. The placeholder takes the form of `${X}`, with `X` being one of the
> following:
> 
> -   `id` for the id of the entity that triggers the rule.
> -   `type` for the type of the entity that triggers the rule.
> -   Any other value is interpreted as the name of an attribute in the entity which triggers the rule, and the
>     placeholder is substituted by the value of that attribute.

Author: ```suggestion
for those attributes of the generated complex event. The placeholder takes the form of `${X}`, with `X` among several possibilities (entity id, attribute value, etc.).

-   `id` for the id of the entity that triggers the rule.
-   `type` for the type of the entity that triggers the rule.
-   Any other value is interpreted as the name of an attribute in the entity which triggers the rule, and the
    placeholder is substituted by the value of that attribute.
```

as the current text is obsolete (more possibilities are described in plain_rules.md) so better to simplify here and let the user follow the pointer.
